Natalie Austin: Thanks.
Natalie Austin: Hi, can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Turn it up here.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Carla.
Natalie Austin: I know I can't hear you. Um,
Natalie Austin: Bottom. There's a microphone.
Natalie Austin: Let me tell you. Hold on. We touched. I know. Hold on.
Natalie Austin: Let me text Danielle.
moto e5 cruise: No, I'm hearing it now.
Natalie Austin: But I can't see you.
Natalie Austin: I was gonna call Daniela call you to help you.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, thank you so much. Oh my gosh. I'm going to hack.
Natalie Austin: Your what
moto e5 cruise: I'm just going to ask. I've never done anything like this. I'm nervous.
Natalie Austin: Don't be nervous. What are you nervous about
moto e5 cruise: ME MY MEDICINE is been three days, and I'm just nervous definitely so glad I found you guys, though.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good, good, good, good.
Natalie Austin: Do you come from another clinic. Good, how are you
moto e5 cruise: I did. I did. I gave him two different clinics. My only clinics. I've ever done outpatient to vaccinate what didn't happen was my transportation ended their choices through care source, they only give you so many transportation
moto e5 cruise: Right. You're proud and wellness. He has their own transportation. Well, I went there for two weeks on a Friday, five days a week meetings doctor every day Monday to Friday every day.
moto e5 cruise: And Friday. They confirmed on my premise for Monday. Monday and common the confirm it other appointments were gone. They didn't understand why they were gone. They never called me back, they said, We're going to investigate it may call them trillion times never
moto e5 cruise: Kept
moto e5 cruise: Googling smacked and actors all day and I can say, God, please let something happen, please.
moto e5 cruise: If
Natalie Austin: They get shut down or something, maybe
moto e5 cruise: I don't know. It could be because they have not called me mess, not down
Natalie Austin: Yeah, something was to happen.
moto e5 cruise: They had you because you've been there done that for two weeks for me every day.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I don't know why are we going to mess methadone or
moto e5 cruise: Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Walks every day.
Natalie Austin: That's crazy. Were you on
Natalie Austin: Oh, they were giving you the pill there.
moto e5 cruise: No, I like districts. I don't like to build a pill makes me break out in a rash, for some reason.
Natalie Austin: So they're giving you the strips there at the office.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, no. First, I was lacking Rite Aid for five years and pharmacy. Well, they made me transfer to their pharmacy and then they gave to be there because of course I'm sure they make whatever and then
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, and then they transfer my and now I found out I'm not laughing anymore. I don't think in any mercy. But that's what they've been saying for five years and it's not true.
moto e5 cruise: I don't get it is the Q saying they don't know who put black black on it, but yet it's been there for five years, I've been locked in one pharmacy.
moto e5 cruise: It's a long time.
Natalie Austin: They shouldn't be a lot. That's kind of weird.
moto e5 cruise: And then the pharmacy and the insurance, the same you're not lack but I'm like no, like, okay, we don't know who put it on there. Okay. Business five years so
Natalie Austin: It is really been on Suboxone for five years.
moto e5 cruise: About three and a half years.
Natalie Austin: Well, I know.
Natalie Austin: I know. They know the DEA doesn't like you jumping between the pharmacies.
Is that right
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, no, I mean, a long time ago, before I did this about and stuff. I used to go to Dave Ramsey's
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: No, you don't want to use
moto e5 cruise: I did and
Natalie Austin: That's why you got blocked. Yeah, right.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, so that's
Natalie Austin: Good. It's called doctor shopping
moto e5 cruise: Pharmacy. Oh.
moto e5 cruise: Well, you have to do that when you're an addict, I guess.
Natalie Austin: I know, yeah, you're right. Me.
moto e5 cruise: Me. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I mean, that's
Natalie Austin: That's you clearly behavior of an activity.
moto e5 cruise: And
Natalie Austin: Me and my caught up to you, actually.
moto e5 cruise: So, yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Now I want to make something of myself. I can't live and let me tell you I'm for three years. I was clean off heroin, which was great and never, never, never injected it. I always snorted in it and make it better. But I wouldn't be sitting here, I believe if I shut up pressure now.
moto e5 cruise: But, uh, I love my life and I just want to live. And I want to have a life and I want to live under a bridge with people on the street. I just not on it.
moto e5 cruise: I want to like
Natalie Austin: Good. How old are you,
moto e5 cruise: I am 48 I just
Natalie Austin: Really sort of a whole life, a
Natalie Austin: Happy life left you go
moto e5 cruise: Well,
moto e5 cruise: I don't feel you
Natalie Austin: Oh, what an age wise, you are so you still have, you can still fix this.
moto e5 cruise: I don't know. I think it's just because maybe I haven't been on a medicine, the right way. In the last since Saturday I feel like I went to the emergency room thinking maybe I had grown up, he has a just thinking that because of the withdrawal.
moto e5 cruise: Well, yeah. And he said, Honey, so hard to withdraw, you probably feel like you're gonna die like that. That's what the doctor said, and I was like, oh, and it can be bad, bad. He was like, yeah.
moto e5 cruise: You don't have her own offer
moto e5 cruise: Yeah well.so. That's why I went to the emergency room because I wanted to check and they wouldn't even testing, like you don't have it.
He said,
Natalie Austin: He was 11 amount of testing. They only test people with symptoms.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah.
moto e5 cruise: I guess with a fever. I had no fever, and I had no coughing, but then I had the cold chills. The water. Yeah. Father with Charles, you said
moto e5 cruise: isn't bad haven't been we sleep we mix it all up and up and down one of my sleep back and wanted
moto e5 cruise: Me to write
Natalie Austin: So you're having right now.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, I can't sleep. I was up all hours of the night for three days now.
moto e5 cruise: Because i remember i well i did i had given every, sometimes I won't take as much traction as they gave me and I'll put away for number two. I mean, we're now so I had three or four strips away my boyfriend.
moto e5 cruise: Of the end he would you bring them to me daily when they were calling me and little dose compared to my normal dose.
moto e5 cruise: Consuming right cut off.
Natalie Austin: Something was going on.
moto e5 cruise: Right, well, we take only for instead of an eight.
moto e5 cruise: There was like a year now so nice and quite a difference, I guess.
moto e5 cruise: From my body Dando. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: You're taking eight eight milligram strips and the force.
moto e5 cruise: I was thinking for but then the eight normally before
moto e5 cruise: Before before these
moto e5 cruise: Chair for health and wellness choices for three months I was taking a milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Or once a day.
moto e5 cruise: Once a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you want to continue with that with us, then
Please.
moto e5 cruise: These
Natalie Austin: Films once a day. A Melbourne film films once a day.
moto e5 cruise: Correct, please.
Natalie Austin: Do that.
moto e5 cruise: Awesome, you
Natalie Austin: Know,
moto e5 cruise: I just know I'm going to learn this connecting stuff and try to get in the day and na and give me a sponsor again and get active in the group, we get started, start doing things with sober people, places and things
moto e5 cruise: people, places and things
Natalie Austin: That's right.
moto e5 cruise: Natalie my cousin's name is Natalie.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, somewhere name. I don't. I only know a couple people that name now.
moto e5 cruise: How many
moto e5 cruise: Right, yeah. Jane.
moto e5 cruise: Well, Carlos, you can you have more than Natalie right
Natalie Austin: I know one of my nurses, one of my nurses his name. Carla well yeah I don't know too many Carla's either
Mine.
moto e5 cruise: I like a not very prejudiced. I should not be reflecting when I am they get the prettiest names.
moto e5 cruise: I know
Natalie Austin: They do, yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Different
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they are.
moto e5 cruise: They made up a lot of their names that they make them up.
moto e5 cruise: Oh,
moto e5 cruise: Well and Megan. I don't know what it is. And we and get the rhythm, like they do in the way they dance when you
Know,
moto e5 cruise: So that's
moto e5 cruise: It and Are You remind me up there was a lady named Laura Beal and she is from metro clinic and she is the Suboxone doctor. Their, their works in the emergency room and metro
moto e5 cruise: Uh huh. She has a girl that is her advocate that works for everybody in the emergency room and get them connected to people in treatment and Laura when I went to go to detox to get off heroin, about three months ago again.
moto e5 cruise: She had taken care of my cat. She went to get my cat. Why would I do it, remind me of her so much.
moto e5 cruise: Right. So anyway, she offered me her advocate right now is going to get married and work to change jobs and she was like her love you if you complete this program. I will give you an advantage. And I'm like, oh my god, oh my god. Right.
Natalie Austin: Great see
Natalie Austin: I want to do something around for you.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, this but I got to complete a program and I want to want to help people that just like me. That's what I really wanted
moto e5 cruise: Because
moto e5 cruise: Only asked know each other best
Natalie Austin: Yes. True.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, last nine children lost so much
Weight
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, I lost three ones.
moto e5 cruise: I gave him up for human services. I was on the norplant I had my tubes tied. I was on the pill every single time I still got pregnant even have a my tubes tied. I got pregnancy and and I said you know what, apparently they're meant to be. So I had them and I gave them up for
moto e5 cruise: My kids all my kids. Now there are 18 and above. And I talked to my oldest but
moto e5 cruise: I don't know, I just want to get with my kids, you know, and I want to have something for them when they when I die, I wasn't there for them. So then my mom just passed away. About a year ago and she was my best friend and I still miss her.
moto e5 cruise: And she never wanted to see me and you're my mom would take Percocet. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: You to as an editor herself, but she never knew Rio and ever, and she was so worried you're gonna die. My best friend. Mary Lee her best friend, Mary, we die from Elodie
moto e5 cruise: Instead of worrying and worrying that I was gonna die in at the end when she died is when I stopped completely heroin and I messed up three months ago and I died. And it took
moto e5 cruise: 22 Narcos to get me back last time, and I only did a little bit of heroin and listen. Honey, we're lucky, we got you back and I couldn't believe it. And then they admitted me in the hospital. They said, you want to be admitted. And I said, heck yes and then they released me with emergency
moto e5 cruise: Suboxone prescriptions.
Natalie Austin: Okay see stars of allows you started Suboxone five years ago.
moto e5 cruise: Know About three
Natalie Austin: Three years. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Correct. Now,
Natalie Austin: What happened three months ago you run out of strips or
moto e5 cruise: Something. Oh.
moto e5 cruise: I went to jail for 90 days for an old case. So when I got out, I was an answer. Max and I didn't feel right. So I don't know. I'll do a little
moto e5 cruise: Just a little one. Okay, you drop me to my knees. The first day. And then the second day, I'll do a little less drop to my knees again. And I said, apparently I'm not met for this no more.
moto e5 cruise: No Than, never taught to the end and then when we think AT LEAST, LAST THREE, FOUR DAYS. No way in hell. I don't even think about it.
Good.
moto e5 cruise: So,
Natalie Austin: How long were you in jail.
Natalie Austin: 99 days.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So that was like a detox there for, but you're on Suboxone anyone in though so you aren't you're
moto e5 cruise: Only don't give him some action in
Natalie Austin: Jail. I know that Suboxone jail. I know.
Natalie Austin: They're working on that.
Natalie Austin: It's going to happen someday we're
moto e5 cruise: Writing is everybody needs to die, and I believe that because then when they go out, they don't have anything and they die.
moto e5 cruise: Right, so many people leave jail and just drop to their knees, because they usually because
Natalie Austin: Right. Yeah, exactly.
Natalie Austin: He's ready for your O'Grady
Natalie Austin: March 5 1972 is that your birthday.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: You just move all around. Aren't you
Natalie Austin: What
moto e5 cruise: You just moving all around. Yeah, we're
Natalie Austin: Getting my folder here.
Natalie Austin: I have written
Natalie Austin: Them down cut
moto e5 cruise: Off all your life in a job you got
moto e5 cruise: I was a topless the answer. I mean,
moto e5 cruise: I wish I had my new own nose in the book so bad because now you can't take your body 50 or you can download not near as much. So I just want to go back to school. I want to learn something that I can do. Like I said, I would like to help people like me.
Natalie Austin: Oh, it's nice
To
Natalie Austin: You, they are
Natalie Austin: Three just had a birthday.
Natalie Austin: Month ago
Natalie Austin: Six weeks ago. Happy birthday.
Thank you.
moto e5 cruise: I just want to remind me and Laura.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: That's funny, do so talk to Laura.
moto e5 cruise: I do, I do. I was here last week in them, and I was on my medicine last week and I'm like I'm in the program every day going to choose. Like, I'm so glad to see you so happy. Carla.
Natalie Austin: I was
moto e5 cruise: Happening and I was sending the program and then now this happen. And I was like,
Natalie Austin: He hit me hard he found us when he found us.
moto e5 cruise: Right, right.
Natalie Austin: What's your zip code.
moto e5 cruise: For poor, where I live, or where the pharmacy.
moto e5 cruise: Where you live or 4092
Okay.
moto e5 cruise: But
moto e5 cruise: Where my billing addresses those 4495
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Where's that
moto e5 cruise: My son's in I had a house together. And he's like, and when I was in jail again my credit card, and he was supposed to buy me out instead of BANA me out.
moto e5 cruise: He legally myself and stores everything in line moves his friends in I was there for two years myself now in storage. And I will $700 but
moto e5 cruise: I the courts told me I shouldn't have failed in a civil suit because he should have a victim, you could just move me out of somewhere. I was there for two years, paying everything
moto e5 cruise: Gas electric taxes water cable fix the house of beautifully. Oh, it's so much nicer and he just moved me out. And then on Christmas Eve.
moto e5 cruise: And then I got out January 15 I didn't know what to do. And that's when I use the two times and I know deed and
moto e5 cruise: I didn't know what to do. And now I'm with my ax in will wreck and his trailer. Well, I get a similar tech next week and I have three cats three Derby cats. I love to death.
moto e5 cruise: And I'm going to go to. I just feel like going to a room with me and my animals would be best for me because me and him we fight a lot
moto e5 cruise: And we're if he's my x, we're not together. We're only friends and I just, I don't know, I just feel like I want to live by myself with these animals in the middle I
moto e5 cruise: Mean, am I am living his trailer. He's not supposed to help anybody live here. So I'm thinking I'm going to go to extended stay on three or six months.
moto e5 cruise: To live with my animals and get a job right there a way to sing again SSI and I worked my butt off for everything I have
moto e5 cruise: I'm very clean the house I made this house looks so gorgeous can barely got it in $30,000 let me tell you it was often like a nice like it was beautiful. I don't know how he got such a good deal. He did.
moto e5 cruise: And I made a beautifully and he just ended up moving my best friend. It was such an attic in their house and she's there now and he went back to prison.
moto e5 cruise: And I legally record said, Oh, my God, why didn't you file a civil suit, a long time ago and
moto e5 cruise: Deciding to get good and they really do just give you a button here and violent and we can get your money back, and then house like that was like, oh my God. Well, to be honest with you, I'm gonna be honest, last year had to
moto e5 cruise: God bless you access reason behind me behind you. Um, anyway, um, I went to signature help to do outpatient four choices in church.
moto e5 cruise: And I knew over because they thought I was pregnant again. They didn't have a bird for five and six months and I had a tubal pregnancy. And again, but
moto e5 cruise: A cracked by God, am I brought in Lake County. Well, the police came and they called the police. And I couldn't believe it.
moto e5 cruise: And they said, Don't worry, you'll hear from us in a couple months. Well, a couple months later, my neighbor took money out of my person I called the police.
moto e5 cruise: And the police and you know you have a warrant for your arrest for what it is for possession of drugs which they ended up charging me a felon.
moto e5 cruise: Well, they were taking me to will be, you know, immersion my foot at the time and I told them, look, I'm Muslim, I fortunately status and no will be court will be deals that they don't want you
moto e5 cruise: So they let me out of the car. And so I called the dealer in the jailer game in a definite personal bath.
moto e5 cruise: I don't know why would he then these Carla clear so sick. Have you been in trouble standard juggle. You don't want you as long as you know getting any more trouble. We don't want you. And so they became an indefinite personal bond. I don't know what it means. And the rabbit.
Natalie Austin: Wow. That's right.
moto e5 cruise: And so now I can go to a little bit court though and file my civil suit natural stop me from battling it because
Natalie Austin: Too much. Oh, I
moto e5 cruise: Never scared and then Friday was not an act of war. So I'm going in this week to file and will be court and if I get back in that house. My son, still in prison. Yes, my house about off now for two years. I deserve it. But then again, I don't. Well, I'll everything rolls in place.
Natalie Austin: And so what is your son, what does it have to some go to prison through all that
moto e5 cruise: My son.
moto e5 cruise: Was as your as your credit card.
moto e5 cruise: He use my credit company never get charged for that wouldn't happen is threatening is adaptive Jones, the bomb to kill them to and he did five years over it and he was on federal probation and he got out and he was getting a high he never got high Marines own
Natalie Austin: Home.
moto e5 cruise: And I, and then he went seen his brother, which they took indefinite custody, the parents of my understand he's autistic and he's 29 with a turban Devon and customer. Well, he went and seen his brother and he wasn't supposed to be added protection order against them.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So that's what got. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: So that's why he went back to prison. But then, meanwhile, he will my best friend that was worse than me and crack cocaine. She doesn't believe it moves her house and all my stuff out.
moto e5 cruise: Because I told the police officer, like the Justin didn't tell me my eldest son was coming for Thanksgiving.
moto e5 cruise: Now there's a knock on door. I haven't seen him for 25 years. I will. Should I looked at him and I knew he was my son, see my eyes and his dad.
moto e5 cruise: When I knew it was my son, and he came in and we had two days together with Justin and tell me they were weren't supposed to be together.
moto e5 cruise: So I was talking to improve. We're based in Austin. I SAID TO HIM ABOUT IT. WELL, THEY GOT MATCHING TATTOOS one on arms when he was there. Well, the probation officer grabbed up the videos and then doing the tattoos.
moto e5 cruise: You know he's, he didn't. He didn't tell me was, was be with him. So based on his own. He was excellent get turned a min. Why didn't know. So that's why
moto e5 cruise: He was Mad Men. There's some I didn't know about
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How old are your kids.
moto e5 cruise: Their age 32. I don't even know all know this natural have a 14 year old 18 year old you know my other have four boys one girl.
moto e5 cruise: You know 200 a Dremel one that just turned 18 Danica Patrick and Nicholas than 40 for this that in all of them. I gave up for national right after we read because I thought the best for my
Natalie Austin: Great. Good for you. Wow. Then the last three years, three were stillborn you said
moto e5 cruise: Correct full journey.
Natalie Austin: Of the tool. So that's nine. Yeah, right.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, no one miscarriage at like four months or something like that.
Natalie Austin: Well, your fertile Myrtle
moto e5 cruise: Giving you know what so sad know
moto e5 cruise: People that want maybe Jimmy can have them don't, can't have them.
moto e5 cruise: You would be given them like a guy gives it to you like popcorn and don't like
Natalie Austin: It doesn't we you help those people that wanted kids though you know those the ones you gave up for adoption, all of them, they, they probably are very
moto e5 cruise: Happy to me. They do. They don't like me know very upset with me. The ones that are over age. Oh yeah, not happy with anyone grinding you change all those kids come on. Okay. Well, I don't know. I don't know, I just thought it was best for my kids and I don't believe in abortion, so I
Natalie Austin: Mean we have
Natalie Austin: All those parents that they could not kids all the other parents that you give their kids do.
moto e5 cruise: I my oldest oldest found they found the worst parents
moto e5 cruise: Both my kids told me out with us. They were by those periods. One was a supervisor and human services by the mother and the father owns the caged animal
moto e5 cruise: Animals caged animal place and they were putting my kids in separate rooms not letting them see each other, make them take all kinds of medicine like you know them caged animal kids remember them my two kids were kinda like
moto e5 cruise: In a way mark means loving way from each other oh my god is stories, my two kids to me and and why they took and Devin and cousin, my other son. I'll never know, but he's not banned in the wolf very bright with the new US really mad. They told me not to Ross Madison button. They
moto e5 cruise: Were
moto e5 cruise: can spell making
moto e5 cruise: Me, really. I can't be can do a lot better than I can build them a very bright now me as a child from three to like seven or eight
moto e5 cruise: my step dad maybe some kids can't really didn't three years old to money and wouldn't let me go to school and seeing home and he
moto e5 cruise: And I had they actually have a principal come and get me out of bed in my room to make me go to school.
moto e5 cruise: Actually, and you know, then they weren't and it is like they are now. And so I miss out on school. I'm glad. And so I know everything about the street, but I don't know nothing about books. My
moto e5 cruise: Computer stuff, reading and writing. I'm not good with at all.
Natalie Austin: Did you write down the graduating from high school. No.
moto e5 cruise: No, no, I had a baby course.
moto e5 cruise: New Kaplan, they kept passing me anyway, even though I wasn't Benson to capacity because of what I went through.
Natalie Austin: When I drop
moto e5 cruise: Down and 17 from getting pregnant, they will let they were 11 and graduate. I know they will
moto e5 cruise: Graduate, which is what I went through, but they wouldn't have been good, because I didn't know anything anyway so
moto e5 cruise: I don't know. I guess it would have been because then I could have went to school and got paid you know in school, when you go to sleep, and I can't even do that but i can't i can't base my DVD.
Natalie Austin: Let me try to take it.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
You have
Natalie Austin: Well, I have a lot
Natalie Austin: Of a lot of programs or books and stuff to help you study for the GED.
moto e5 cruise: I when I did educational level amount of their grade level education and they took it for me. It's an he would take
moto e5 cruise: Years to get there.
moto e5 cruise: If I needed to
moto e5 cruise: Because I wasn't able to go to school, so
Natalie Austin: I know that's crazy. That's not your fault.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, no, but you still could have been stay in home. Should I had my books knows in the books I was always run run run run run very, very body, you know, dance, dance, dance him a wild and crazy life any day in the life
Hmm.
Natalie Austin: Let's go over your past medical history do you
Natalie Austin: Have any on diabetes hepatitis C.
Natalie Austin: I do you get treated for
moto e5 cruise: get treated in my my body gloves in Exton hello. Sorry.
moto e5 cruise: I was in. But if I often section now my ex boyfriend no plot FC, I guess for me and he was really upset. I told him, I said, sometimes your body fights awesome collection infection. Sometimes it doesn't want to shop.
moto e5 cruise: Right, I was lucky. I guess but
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, I don't have nothing.
Natalie Austin: Wrong hepatitis C resolved one up to the list there.
Natalie Austin: Any new diabetes, hypertension, high blood pressure,
Natalie Austin: Nothing good
Natalie Austin: The allergies anything
moto e5 cruise: Penicillin held off.
Natalie Austin: What else I take Isilon
moto e5 cruise: Anthrax. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Welcome. Hello. Oh my god, I look again Bell's
moto e5 cruise: Palsy robot was held off.
moto e5 cruise: No control my muscles had
moto e5 cruise: In like and hold on.
moto e5 cruise: I forgot what the RAM Ron and see when
moto e5 cruise: I don't know, just held on circle, no nothing. Just a couple of them make me feel I came can have no control them off.
moto e5 cruise: And then
moto e5 cruise: I said Viking in at the time because I want in Percocet, because they were stronger, to be honest.
moto e5 cruise: There's nothing really wrong given
moto e5 cruise: And then while my life I was always on pain medicine because I've had all those kids and then ended up taking six and my notes up because all came out my neck, my arm, my leg and they can take in a mountain surgeries and then I caught caught
moto e5 cruise: Murcia in my foot in my mouth without a year I was a national for like three months there. They had to get the infection down and they can
moto e5 cruise: Give me shocked and more
moto e5 cruise: There for three months, which is averaging all together and then when they stop giving it to you, like, oh my god. And so then I started turning to heroin to starting
Natalie Austin: So start with the morphing that in the hot the hot doctors were giving me the morphine and the purpose or purposes.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How old were you when I started
moto e5 cruise: Remember when I was about 30
Okay.
moto e5 cruise: No, no, I'm talking know when I was about 19 to about 35 with pain medicine from the doctors
moto e5 cruise: Five till now with heroin and enough up to three years ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. Now you you know your stuff there you have your dates. Now, that's good.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. How old are pencil and what was the other one I was typing while you're talking. What was the other tour at all.
moto e5 cruise: No, no, Georgetown.
moto e5 cruise: Turtle, Turtle. Nothing. No, I'm not allergic to Dan dan
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I like y'all don't penicillin.
Natalie Austin: Correct. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, he said he took Seroquel that worked okay for you.
Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Absolutely. My only problem is, I'm gonna be straight up with you and I don't want to lie. I did two weeks ago, there's certain outpatient well from age 317 hours I'm middle and all my life, I've not ever been able to sit nicely because the ADHD.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, I was on Ritalin. For me, it's 317
moto e5 cruise: Well, when they sat the riddle and
moto e5 cruise: Don't know why cocaine slows me down sounds funny, but it's the opposite with ADHD. So when I do a hiccup is tremendously family relaxes me challenge you bed.
Natalie Austin: But let's go like what cooking over at or Adderall does. Yeah, we're going
moto e5 cruise: To show anyway. So I said to the people at choices and cheer brown and one is I need so much help my ADHD via and I would not be on cocaine at all ever
moto e5 cruise: Because I had our rental and all my life in that one out me sit in.
moto e5 cruise: Concentrate period. And so when I jumped me after that I have not been able to do that since then.
moto e5 cruise: And so since then I've used cocaine just once a week or twice a week, just to be able to settle down a little bit, because I'm so freaking nightmare. I can handle myself. That's how I Brian
moto e5 cruise: And so I said to the doctor. Can you please, how we treat me for my at 18 for one week or two weeks and see that the cocaine drops out of my system.
moto e5 cruise: I'll never use it again and they wouldn't go they wouldn't go for it. Like to control things we don't do that. And so that's the main reason why
Natalie Austin: Do you have a psychiatrist to give you the theatrical
moto e5 cruise: No, no. And that's why they were setting me up with
moto e5 cruise: Psychiatry nerd. They said, it's like, hey, just have to give it to me. That's what they told me
Natalie Austin: Right.
moto e5 cruise: And so they were setting me up this week when Thursday. I don't know what else
moto e5 cruise: Right.
Natalie Austin: So we're hiring one in our group.
Natalie Austin: Yes we do, let you know. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, do you
Natalie Austin: Know,
Natalie Austin: what the status is the hardest one yet. But I know like
moto e5 cruise: To give no psychiatric with
moto e5 cruise: You. It's got to be two separate doctors
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: This should be. I think I got to look into it. I don't know all the details of it.
moto e5 cruise: By does not. I want to concentrate and I walk back and my my ADHD medicine because I want to go back to school.
moto e5 cruise: And I'm going to concentrate and I came
Natalie Austin: I know
moto e5 cruise: It's like going on. I gotta learn to deal with it. Elise
moto e5 cruise: Miss of action and I want to be on here on Eastern and that is the top priority, really. And with that, I can need
moto e5 cruise: To start doing yoga doing something maybe exercising with my excellent away. I'm getting tired or drugs, doing some other method other than doing drugs because it's definitely not helping me and I don't want it.
moto e5 cruise: To live
Natalie Austin: Good for you.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Bipolar depression, anxiety,
moto e5 cruise: Bipolar and depression. All three
moto e5 cruise: Well, you didn't read them. Those you're not right.
moto e5 cruise: Now, one second, sweetie.
Natalie Austin: Oh, go ahead.
moto e5 cruise: Sorry.
Natalie Austin: I haven't done doing this for 20 years I think I know what I'm doing. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, how long dead place.
Natalie Austin: Like five I think five years.
moto e5 cruise: Is a long guy me so you
Before
moto e5 cruise: Before Sebastian exist.
moto e5 cruise: Always worked for that well.
Natalie Austin: No, no, I worked in internal medicine. I've been in the medical field and federal for 21 years
moto e5 cruise: Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Um, how is that you don't compare yourself battling the right hand it to be honest with you.
Natalie Austin: Um, I hear it's worse.
moto e5 cruise: I mean, what I wouldn't
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Hopefully knows worse. Oh, I didn't know that at all. Okay, well,
Natalie Austin: My to go away. You have to go every day.
Natalie Austin: Oh cases of said, I don't know. I don't know much about methadone.
moto e5 cruise: Oh, so you're, you do know about Suboxone I just
Natalie Austin: Yeah words and Suboxone for three years.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, my
moto e5 cruise: Mom He's got a long life in it compared to here.
moto e5 cruise: I mean, it really does. As long as I'm taking his life.
moto e5 cruise: I feel good to week later I do when I stopped taking as long as I'm taking it right where I'm taking it.
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm.
moto e5 cruise: On life in it.
moto e5 cruise: And then methadone. I heard the withdrawals from that is crazy.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I heard to
Natalie Austin: It's not as good of a drug is the Suboxone, that's for sure.
Natalie Austin: Right now I don't say for longer acting
Natalie Austin: I don't know. You can get
Natalie Austin: You can get it that the way to get out of the pharmacy to but um
moto e5 cruise: No thank you, No longer
moto e5 cruise: Script. So now I'm again. Yeah, you're juicing is worse. No, thank you. Right. I don't want any worse problems already got
Natalie Austin: This is what I've seen. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: I don't know a lot about
moto e5 cruise: Right. Yeah, I know. Mo nt, er, and I guess I don't want to know if it's stronger than some action.
moto e5 cruise: But
moto e5 cruise: Too bad. You're, you're on the right path.
Natalie Austin: The bank to be, I think,
moto e5 cruise: Use of action, at least, though, you know, go up and down, up and down. Just feel
Natalie Austin: Good. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I
moto e5 cruise: Mean snow up and down lanterns like
moto e5 cruise: Perfect me after I love it because I don't know the overdo it.
moto e5 cruise: I don't overdo it at all. I tried the recent past will depend on how I'm feeling that they can feel more down. Yes, I'll take one to toast with butter to come back every time because I don't want my body used to it definitely up and then again.
moto e5 cruise: If you do that right or wrong. That's not good either. I don't know what right so I just want my email back bad because they've been on it for wasn't kicking last two weeks, I felt like heck
Natalie Austin: Is it right right eight on Euclid.
moto e5 cruise: Writing on Euclid. Yeah, and their phone number is 440
Natalie Austin: I'm sending them sending it over the I'm sending it electronically.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, and we'll be okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: 78 of them.
Natalie Austin: We have, we have group next Thursday. So I'm sending you eight. OK.
moto e5 cruise: OK.
Natalie Austin: To get you through
Growth.
moto e5 cruise: I'm going to depend on
Natalie Austin: Once a day. Right.
That's correct.
moto e5 cruise: Yep.
moto e5 cruise: Okay. Okay, let me
moto e5 cruise: Hear this
moto e5 cruise: Okay, you said next Thursday know every time I you there on
Natalie Austin: You know, here I had to switch screens. I'm still
moto e5 cruise: Here. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Well, to show I you
Natalie Austin: Know,
Natalie Austin: I'm still here.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, cool. Okay. So every time I go to a different meaning. She said, I have to sign in different numbers, every time.
Natalie Austin: Is. Yeah, I know.
moto e5 cruise: You want to do
Natalie Austin: It that way.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, but then also I gotta do something before the meeting know
Natalie Austin: Some pianos. A couple surveys, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: All that
moto e5 cruise: On the phone know do a survey or
Natalie Austin: Um, I don't know, that's a good question.
moto e5 cruise: Where do I write it or and then every, every time for every meeting, every week is gonna be a different number.
moto e5 cruise: Yes. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: No, I know you know email that to you.
Natalie Austin: The email that all to you so you have it.
moto e5 cruise: So I signed them with the lady first every week, I get then number every week I write it down, keep track of it and sign in every week under different number. If
moto e5 cruise: I'm getting it pretty quick, though.
Natalie Austin: You're smart.
moto e5 cruise: Little bit. I'm trying show but yeah
Natalie Austin: Any other medications.
moto e5 cruise: I do Paxil
moto e5 cruise: Okay, I do 60 milligrams a day of Paxil, that's the max that you can do, but it makes me level and that up and down. It just makes me feel. Perfect. I love my backfill
moto e5 cruise: With my anxiety.
moto e5 cruise: Not up and down, up and down and just perfect on it. I love my pencil.
moto e5 cruise: About five years.
moto e5 cruise: Old
Natalie Austin: me one second. Switch.
Natalie Austin: Screens here on so
moto e5 cruise: Now how am I gonna find out from her. How many do that survey next Thursday this Thursday correct meeting.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: There's one tomorrow. But if I could put you on next Thursday. You can go tomorrow if you want
moto e5 cruise: If you want to come in tomorrow. Yeah, why don't we do that.
moto e5 cruise: Let's do that. Let me get my medicine. I'd like to get up tomorrow I'll call in with her for
Natalie Austin: Her right now. Hold on, let me find out.
moto e5 cruise: Go ahead.
moto e5 cruise: Yes sir class like
Natalie Austin: To know
moto e5 cruise: This is neat ones here.
moto e5 cruise: I have my friend or yours named Sean Oh she's
Natalie Austin: She's on your
moto e5 cruise: Screens yeah she's back. I'll let you know she so she looks like Laura, just like Laura Abele. She's some backing doctor that helped me for a long time. I'm Laura. Yeah, you need to run over just over because look a lot like
moto e5 cruise: Yeah but Laura's married. I don't know if you're probably very true.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, married
moto e5 cruise: Got any kids.
Natalie Austin: I've got four kids. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: For voice.
moto e5 cruise: To voice.
Our boys and
moto e5 cruise: Boys of summer. My one girl is where Islam my boys together really she's right in the middle of my two boys two younger to older she's right in the middle.
moto e5 cruise: And my boys are awesome.
Natalie Austin: They are
moto e5 cruise: One voice really
moto e5 cruise: Girls I hired that's
Natalie Austin: Why they're different. There are different here. They have their own ways.
Natalie Austin: About them.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, hey, you know, my daughter, but she hasn't talked to me in 10 years and she will not talk to me because I gave her a
moto e5 cruise: pleaser. Man, I can throw her and my family. I always turn to suicide and I found out you know what was very 21 years and my husband. I can't do this no more can and will literally take your gear over there in swaddling down all the time.
moto e5 cruise: In in trying to me and but
moto e5 cruise: No, I just got to her and family will be better and she's basically the worst.
moto e5 cruise: And I'll get it at all.
moto e5 cruise: She won't talk to me the last year on Facebook. She said, You live with your son wisdom and my son and and you're no good, and you never changed. None of us in your business, you know nothing about which is not me.
moto e5 cruise: She says, so we want to know anything about me when I want to contact you or contact you, you don't
moto e5 cruise: Mean to me.
moto e5 cruise: She said, You know what you are never mind.
Natalie Austin: To tell you a rough because you loved her.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I did, I
moto e5 cruise: Don't want to hear.
Natalie Austin: People up for adoption, usually because you love them.
Natalie Austin: You want them to have a better life, you know,
moto e5 cruise: I did tell her.
moto e5 cruise: I'm a mother and then one day have a better life than you have with me. I didn't want to join.
moto e5 cruise: And she was like, you know, I'm I'm I'm blacking official show on the ward. She left
Natalie Austin: The office. He wasn't listening to you.
moto e5 cruise: She
moto e5 cruise: was new to this right around the corner from mild to six on little mile apart.
moto e5 cruise: Not real brother and sister.
moto e5 cruise: Only half
moto e5 cruise: The be only arm our parents. Right. It was wearing my Otter.
Natalie Austin: Now we
moto e5 cruise: Wanted to meet Sarah El Nino. Her name is Shirley.
moto e5 cruise: And they were going to meet each other. In the meantime, getting an argument. And so she blocked him and me on Facebook.
moto e5 cruise: You can do not do you think she wanted me
moto e5 cruise: To
moto e5 cruise: Know,
moto e5 cruise: Oh my god, my second son. He's a cutie by central for one year dark brown. Now my brown eyes, every single one of my kids, but on get so handsome. I don't like his father, my eyes.
moto e5 cruise: Good believe it was like, You're my son right away. Nunez tell it just knew by looking at
Natalie Austin: We're pretty girl. I'm not sure if you have a pretty good.
moto e5 cruise: Gig a shower and running. I just woke up like this. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's let's go on to I'm
Pat
Natalie Austin: Past my surgeries any surgeries and all
moto e5 cruise: Sections what one
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
moto e5 cruise: Down side by side.
Natalie Austin: limp buys these actions.
Natalie Austin: By yeah okay
moto e5 cruise: No surgeries.
moto e5 cruise: Okay surgery in my mouth. Oh, you want
moto e5 cruise: To know, and once I
moto e5 cruise: Do this.
moto e5 cruise: Yes.
moto e5 cruise: No, no.
moto e5 cruise: Okay. And so that's neat how here. I'm sorry, you're
moto e5 cruise: So,
Natalie Austin: Nice to meet you.
moto e5 cruise: He says, he says, nice to meet you. JOHN
moto e5 cruise: Nice meeting you, he said.
moto e5 cruise: Oh wait, I got a surprise for you. Natalie pan.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: All look how cute. Oh my gosh.
Natalie Austin: He's little, little kitten know
moto e5 cruise: I love
moto e5 cruise: Us and then I gotta show you one more game, you really should I miss
Natalie Austin: tabby cat.
moto e5 cruise: Boy.
Natalie Austin: Holy cow, he's huge.
Natalie Austin: She's
Natalie Austin: Ready.
moto e5 cruise: She's so pretty know
Natalie Austin: What's her name.
moto e5 cruise: swanky girl sissy I color. Yeah, we had 100 years
moto e5 cruise: grandnieces
moto e5 cruise: Of what t shirt and hoodie on her like oh my god and to get number. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Yes.
Natalie Austin: That's hilarious.
moto e5 cruise: She lays by me comforts me. Thanks, man. She's my medicine big giant
moto e5 cruise: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Animals do wonders for people's psyche, you know, they really
moto e5 cruise: Do
moto e5 cruise: They make you feel confident and love.
Natalie Austin: Right, there's a calming effect, you know,
moto e5 cruise: NATO thin animals don't you never
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they don't
Natalie Austin: They're not mean and nasty and rude. They don't put you down. They don't call you names and
moto e5 cruise: No.
Natalie Austin: It does give you love
moto e5 cruise: I love
Natalie Austin: Unconditional Love, so
moto e5 cruise: Little when I showed you, I got the brother and sister one one has always feed the one you didn't see and
Natalie Austin: Small cap.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, it's only five weeks off.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, tiny
moto e5 cruise: And memory. Had she had a brother named punky boys funky girl punky boy.
moto e5 cruise: His brother Shawn's brother and the guy used to seeing.
moto e5 cruise: him and gave him to a friend and I had him for six years. She was so lonely without him.
moto e5 cruise: Oh, grew up together.
moto e5 cruise: In. Yeah. So now I'm her punky boy.
Natalie Austin: Okay, there you go. You're the other half.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, she'll put her little firm curve her cheek over my eyes at night and sleep with me, like she would rather get
moto e5 cruise: On my mom's you know move
moto e5 cruise: Ever. Well, when I get these kittens. You know, like homes, you know, be brings attention to offer our association sleeping with me. Well, I finally gone back row and now she's teaching me that might get
moto e5 cruise: To know me better. Well, when you're older. You're setting your ways. You don't want all that crazy
Natalie Austin: Numbers on
moto e5 cruise: Right.
Natalie Austin: But eventually, eventually show warm up to them will show
moto e5 cruise: Up soon we combine them am yet about three days ago my
Natalie Austin: Summer but she'll do it. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Mentally, they do warm up to each other.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So I have an older cat who's 18
Natalie Austin: He kind of did the same thing. We have little kittens around. He was like, Oh, what is this, you know, kind of, but now they're fighting play together. So he got they kind of they follow him around like a leader you know like what to do and
Natalie Austin: It's kind of cute.
Natalie Austin: So the they'll follow him her around.
moto e5 cruise: Decide what to do agenda funny. The one girl can
moto e5 cruise: keep sucking on the boy Can I didn't get the boy cats nipples. I don't want over now because it is, it's mine so bad.
Natalie Austin: So I have
moto e5 cruise: Milk. Milk. Yeah, but the socks on his nipples on time.
moto e5 cruise: If you want it now. I swear to God.
Natalie Austin: Funny.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah. Oh.
moto e5 cruise: Right here.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah. Yeah, it looks like a little dog. His name for a dog.
Natalie Austin: That's nice. Yeah, yeah.
moto e5 cruise: I put it on a real long can't be solid when a harness enter log Kelly's goes around the whole house to see can go which one she she kind of stuck. She can't go far, far why watch her gifts owning an attacker and then another animal could
Natalie Austin: We see love outside
Natalie Austin: I was smart.
moto e5 cruise: And the back door right now on the left side and she's just she loves it. That's your natural drop
moto e5 cruise: Right.
Natalie Austin: Any other surgeries like appendix.
Natalie Austin: You said you had to give a teaser surgery.
moto e5 cruise: Like a to gab
moto e5 cruise: I'm so sorry I my teeth taken out of sensors, but then app World Cup Merson my mouth and when my mouth is out here and they can release me releasing releasing and ask
moto e5 cruise: Them to, you know, to me when releasing and then they admitted me and give me search emergency surgery. The next day, and found that I am Merseyside and left me in the hospital to pick up for about three months.
moto e5 cruise: With antibiotics through IV and they haven't well last five months I caught mercy. Again, and my foot, my foot resort freakin small like you just die in hurt so bad it's worse than
Natalie Austin: What, how can happen.
moto e5 cruise: I don't know. I don't know, put my foot with social and that they ended up having medicine for Murcia through your mouth now but it took
moto e5 cruise: 22 days to finally the first 10 days wouldn't take it down. So then he did and then is flare up again about a month ago and he gave me 22 days to
moto e5 cruise: Turn it into long 12 and 12 days or something like then 10 days 10 and two to two, but it wasn't as bad. I mean, he was so bad that it was so purple and he can tell by looking at it was missing in my foot. He was like, Oh yeah, that's awesome.
moto e5 cruise: And I'm like, you know, why is it in my system like, then I don't know.
moto e5 cruise: Oh my god. There we go. Sucking BELLY AGAIN.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Bailey. Bailey has three. Do you have your mom's passed away. Yes. How old are you, she died.
moto e5 cruise: 66 and she died from cigarettes, which I smoke.
Natalie Austin: Lung cancer.
Natalie Austin: That lung cancer patient COPD.
Natalie Austin: Okay. And she said, you said she was an addict to purpose that are pills. Right.
moto e5 cruise: No pads.
moto e5 cruise: But at the
moto e5 cruise: 10 years she was in the craft for five years and Percocet real bad because you couldn't breathe and when she took the Percocet, you'd finally be able to bring in the morning. Take her like an hour to start remembering she needed them just a brief period. That's what she said in a way
Natalie Austin: How about your dad. My
moto e5 cruise: Father, He usually he tried to have sex with me when I had 17 so he says I want to learn and meet them and you have my step dad didn't meet
moto e5 cruise: And we got drunk together and you try to have sex with me. So I went home and shows me that all royal family. I go to Florida. The key Disney World. The keys. He wasn't for Latin
moto e5 cruise: And he did that to me two days later, after I first got there and I drove home and I never met. Nobody in my family since he did that.
moto e5 cruise: And then a police officer got him on the phone and he admitted to an invalid guys to me, but being in Florida wasn't my initial enough so he got away with it because I never took a shower.
moto e5 cruise: Ne
moto e5 cruise: Ne though was be a girl is gonna be
moto e5 cruise: I don't understand can avoid nibbles to the cannon kidding.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, there they don't produce milk, just like just like males.
Natalie Austin: Like men.
Natalie Austin: Producing
moto e5 cruise: Oh, she's really she's getting into making a political back and forth like she's talking at his little God
moto e5 cruise: You wouldn't be
moto e5 cruise: Here, but he doesn't let you do whatever
moto e5 cruise: Please.
moto e5 cruise: Tell me to leave them alone.
Natalie Austin: SO YOUR DAD'S otherwise your real dad's little healthy, though.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And do you have any brothers or sisters
moto e5 cruise: And two brothers.
Natalie Austin: Are healthy
Natalie Austin: Or they have any issues.
No.
moto e5 cruise: No.
Natalie Austin: Are they old or younger than you.
Younger
moto e5 cruise: One. The professor Case Western for engineering and the other one works in a nursing home and category. Shalom both awesome brothers. I have all awesome kids. None of my attitude and my oldest don't ask me how but
Natalie Austin: So you your parents got divorced when you were little.
Natalie Austin: And he got remarried and I know
moto e5 cruise: My mom, my dad, my real father loved my mom and he beat her off $3,000 to sign off a good movie with my father and my age, but he became a man $3,000 and signed off on me and my father. Then I was adapting and our sexual my
Natalie Austin: Your adopted a six.
Yes.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And he found out by your stepfather. Gotcha. Okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: And he moved to Florida. So how you found him.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Were you
moto e5 cruise: Know my mom.
moto e5 cruise: And then he said, where, when and how and I'm saying, I don't know. And he sent me first class tickets in Florida.
moto e5 cruise: And I was, I look I was only 16 when I look like I was at today so me I'll go on the flights and I was pretty well. Like when I got off the flight and he's grabbed to join up with me when I got in the trunk mineral found again and it was only after that.
moto e5 cruise: We
moto e5 cruise: Like my father not, after all, I went
Natalie Austin: OK, so
I'm
Natalie Austin: Social History year may, are you married now. No.
Natalie Austin: Divorced when I
moto e5 cruise: Was 21 years
Natalie Austin: 21 years. That's a long time.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, and he wasn't why I mean he like women for men don't, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Talk to him was that him that you're staying with now.
moto e5 cruise: Wow. Oh no. He looked yeah he reminds me of miles, when the lad. I know he does get a jumper and a half and he's a good guy good guy, but it takes a lot to Bismarck going. He's pissed off. Look out.
moto e5 cruise: But he's a good he's a good genuine really
moto e5 cruise: Works his butt off every day pennies beads and this one is the rules here and he any Rd and one stroke.
moto e5 cruise: Couple years ago. So he's ARE WORKING THOUGH IT IS HE GOT
moto e5 cruise: A good new it really he works every day Petty's pizza pays the bills here the stimulus paid two months in the bills.
moto e5 cruise: He made he, I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Your ex husband. I'm wondering how long did you get divorced. Probably like five years ago, six years.
moto e5 cruise: Six, seven years and I found the paperwork in my husband lemur in his ex wife.
moto e5 cruise: And so she don't let us talk to each other, no more. She's, she's ugly and I'm really shares and she So Jonathan, if you're married on where you jealous be really, he's with you.
moto e5 cruise: He's woman's me. Can I believe him a cigarette. I cannot
moto e5 cruise: ever write down
moto e5 cruise: To one
moto e5 cruise: I don't know where they want to go right there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um,
Natalie Austin: You're divorced, you're there you're doing I'm
moto e5 cruise: Always I'm trying
Natalie Austin: To use
moto e5 cruise: Always right why
Natalie Austin: Do you use alcohol or
moto e5 cruise: I do not get off.
The
Natalie Austin: And tobacco use, since what age.
moto e5 cruise: 13 okay
Natalie Austin: A PACK A DAY two packs a day.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: Let's see here. Any work, did you work or do you work now.
moto e5 cruise: Well, I get this decision.
Natalie Austin: Was that board that for bipolar.
moto e5 cruise: No mental health because everything I went through with my dad. I see.
moto e5 cruise: So they gave me all my back pain when I was a pain.
Natalie Austin: Okay bathroom. Okay. Okay. Um, review of systems, you're having all the symptoms like nausea insomnia.
Natalie Austin: Yes, diarrhea,
moto e5 cruise: watery eyes. No, I'm at effect is so concentrated from some action they can to meet you. So
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Absolutely. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
moto e5 cruise: Um, can you do me a favor, because my footsteps. Well, back on again. Can I get ibuprofen.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you do that word.
Natalie Austin: Nice. Yeah, that
moto e5 cruise: helps me relax.
Natalie Austin: I will. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Thank you, Mr. An addicting. Correct.
Natalie Austin: No, no, you're fine.
Natalie Austin: Today 14 point system reviewed, I guess we mentioned ALL THE POSITIVES OF THE BEGINNING TO
Natalie Austin: Any vomiting.
No.
moto e5 cruise: No.
moto e5 cruise: Sleep kills hackles
Natalie Austin: Gotcha.
moto e5 cruise: Runny nose.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm a 14 point system review next exam. How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: 518 125 okay
Natalie Austin: 511 45
Natalie Austin: You want the ID profaned what 6400 600 or
800 100
moto e5 cruise: With 140 800 piece. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: bleeding disorders or anything.
Natalie Austin: No, no bleeding disorders. Okay.
No.
Natalie Austin: I'm general about loners white female know keep the stress at AMP T Perla cardiac causes attack lungs, not labor aspirations admin on distended extremities though DMO
Natalie Austin: Is your foot infection all cleaned up.
moto e5 cruise: cleared up. Or do you still have ideas. It's cleared up. It's cleared up and I'm smiling back up again. That's all.
Natalie Austin: You know, over the years.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, and how does it move
moto e5 cruise: It one left foot.
Natalie Austin: Left foot
moto e5 cruise: By the middle Joe on the side know my foot and by little job that is swelling up a
Natalie Austin: little toe. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Well, I'm excited, a foot.
Natalie Austin: Okay, on the side of the foot. Okay, left lateral but
Natalie Austin: I'm musculoskeletal five five normal gate.
Natalie Austin: Neuro psych alert or two.
Natalie Austin: Times three neuro cranial nerves to the 12 intact.
moto e5 cruise: Kind of know what you see all those words are weird.
Natalie Austin: I know that that's my exam, I have to say.
Natalie Austin: For the dedication, sorry. Just ignore
moto e5 cruise: It so
Natalie Austin: Let's see lymphatics million fed off with these didn't tell you the first
Natalie Austin: Everything that's okay. So a medical terminology is
moto e5 cruise: So freaking cool
moto e5 cruise: When you don't wear it.
moto e5 cruise: I swear to god it so it sounds so awesome. It really does.
moto e5 cruise: Any of those means
Natalie Austin: That's okay. You don't have to, it's all for the
moto e5 cruise: Bomb was
moto e5 cruise: Years ago in the school say that
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I would just go for like nine years after high school. So it's a long time.
moto e5 cruise: To pass off the spot you got it all.
Natalie Austin: Out the allergies how don't penicillin medications ibuprofen 800 Paxil 60
Natalie Austin: Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Eight slash to film one to daily called an eight today or. Well, that's the end assessment.
Natalie Austin: Bipolar anxiety, depression, tobacco use opioid use disorder F1 1.108 years ADHD.
Natalie Austin: generalized anxiety disorder plan monthly EDS will do weekly group sessions with Rochelle monthly is optional is offered if you want to do monthly
Natalie Austin: Counseling.
moto e5 cruise: Please do.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you do. Okay, so recommend a
Natalie Austin: Monthly now.
Individual
Natalie Austin: I'm like, I recommend psychiatrist for ADHD medication once on board, we used to get you started back on your Adderall or Ritalin, whatever. Yeah, I'm monthly EDS my mental status exam complete it's back to us discussed
Natalie Austin: One time labs, they sent you a lab slip, just to get lab data.
Natalie Austin: lab work.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, the blood work to me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, whatever. You can get that done. I know some of the labs have limited hours because of coven
moto e5 cruise: No. Okay, is that, oh, I find that lab to i do i
Natalie Austin: Will send you an email, it'll be in your email.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, do me a favor. Can you to send the text wise because I don't know how to get emails.
Natalie Austin: You know, okay, I'll let them know the other sex Danielle. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you don't have email.
moto e5 cruise: I don't want to get it.
I don't understand.
Natalie Austin: They can I went away. Way to 25 minutes away.
moto e5 cruise: To get all the paperwork done for you guys yesterday because I didn't know how to do it, but
moto e5 cruise: The notion. Walk with me.
moto e5 cruise: The whole time.
Natalie Austin: Daniel can call you. They can even
Natalie Austin: Hold on a minute. Let me see. They can probably help you
Natalie Austin: See
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, I'm just going to have really not that artist to my good pretty cool just signing in with you guys. I thought, Oh my God, I was panicking, because it took 10
moto e5 cruise: Invalid email invalid password and I took me all day yesterday to get verified through my good email because this is a new phone.
moto e5 cruise: I'm so frustrated yesterday wanted to scream so loud.
Natalie Austin: So you don't know how to get into your email.
Correct.
moto e5 cruise: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: State, because one of the girls do maybe
Call you
Natalie Austin: Carla said he does not she doesn't know.
Natalie Austin: How to get
Natalie Austin: Into her email.
moto e5 cruise: And the lady said earlier, they can text message me and
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, is what she said that she will text me the meeting number
moto e5 cruise: Excuse me, every week.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll tell her. Yes, I just told Jamie please text her because she doesn't how yeah okay
moto e5 cruise: Awesome. Yes. What she said she would do.
Natalie Austin: Or maybe call her and help her.
Natalie Austin: Okay, there we go.
You look
moto e5 cruise: You look so
Natalie Austin: I was coming home from work that day and I it was a it was really pretty out it was sunny, so I just took a picture.
moto e5 cruise: Just look happy.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any other questions for me.
moto e5 cruise: Oh yeah, I do.
moto e5 cruise: Show me.
moto e5 cruise: A number
moto e5 cruise: But I need to know how I'm going to do the survey mean whether it's in
moto e5 cruise: Writing here and I, and then all also, I don't know how the heck to go to meetings online at all.
Natalie Austin: And there's this like this.
Natalie Austin: It's just like this.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, and then
moto e5 cruise: What ends. Okay. Okay. So every, every, a different number.
Natalie Austin: Um, well.
Natalie Austin: You would do in a day or do you mean with us the zoom room with
moto e5 cruise: No, no, no, no. I mean, with a
Natalie Austin: I don't know about it. Yea that's separate
Natalie Austin: You don't have to do a if you're with us.
moto e5 cruise: Oh,
Natalie Austin: We didn't get between
moto e5 cruise: Awesome. Okay. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And I want to if you want to do that as well. You, you're more than welcome to
moto e5 cruise: I mean, I think I need a sponsor and stuff.
moto e5 cruise: I really, I would
Natalie Austin: I would
Natalie Austin: I don't know how to do that.
moto e5 cruise: I'll figure it out. I'll call try Kenny.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yes.
Natalie Austin: See if they have an email or a website or a text.
moto e5 cruise: Yes, see what they do now.
moto e5 cruise: Is this website and nine years or together and understand it off.
Natalie Austin: And this is an app called zoom
Natalie Austin: And it is calling you dial in. And we have our own different rooms and whenever you have group, there'll be like 10 people, there'll be 10 squares.
Natalie Austin: And then there's there's little buttons at the bottom here, see the mute.
Natalie Austin: There's a mute your mic.
moto e5 cruise: Okay mean down in the corner.
moto e5 cruise: Like this lemons.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you can hit that you need to be quiet. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, so you can hear me.
moto e5 cruise: Right, you could
Natalie Austin: Go to the bathroom or you have
Natalie Austin: You have a baby crying, just hit the mute button. See
Natalie Austin: Okay.
moto e5 cruise: The mission.
Natalie Austin: And there's a video. If you have, again, if you have something that you don't you know someone's out your door, someone screaming. You want to do that. Get the video.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so whenever we're in group. If you want to just if you want to do that, that's fine as well. We can still, you know, hear you.
moto e5 cruise: Okay.
Natalie Austin: That makes sense.
moto e5 cruise: Okay. But no, I
moto e5 cruise: Like how do I not be on video.
moto e5 cruise: How do you do that for me just show I
Natalie Austin: I can still hear you. You have the mute on and you still show up.
Natalie Austin: The list.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, so
moto e5 cruise: Here's your face.
Natalie Austin: Is when right
moto e5 cruise: Right.
Natalie Austin: But I'm still here. I just had to do you know
Natalie Austin: Maybe I'm picking my nose or something, you know,
Natalie Austin: I'm not really doing that. I'm just saying you need to be
Natalie Austin: No, I'll just get that
moto e5 cruise: Okay.
moto e5 cruise: And then I know I still know you're in group because there's a whole list on the side. It tells me. Who's in my group.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
moto e5 cruise: You do the group.
Natalie Austin: I'm in the group. Yes, with them, Rochelle. Rochelle as a therapist. She does therapy and I do the group, man. The medical management.
Natalie Austin: Okay get together. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: But she or she kind of runs the whole topic and I kind of sit on the sidelines and see if you guys have any questions with regards to your medications.
moto e5 cruise: Okay.
Natalie Austin: If you need any that's when you tell me you need a refill. I don't you, I'm good. I don't need to refill, blah, blah, blah. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That makes sense.
moto e5 cruise: You taking a lot more sense to me now.
Natalie Austin: So you got it will get it.
Natalie Austin: Great. So it's like it's like riding a bicycle. I mean, it just takes practice, you know,
moto e5 cruise: You're right.
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna call on this other prescription for you. I just sent in the ID proof it ok to write as you can pick them both up together.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, thank you.
You good
Natalie Austin: Right, I mean you calling from Harlem.
moto e5 cruise: Way I really wasn't sure I was
moto e5 cruise: slept better last night. Good. I knew you guys were there, but I was worried I was just so worried you know when you
moto e5 cruise: Know you can have your medicine.
moto e5 cruise: Just know that you can't function that's bad. And I know that I don't want to drugs are never going to do it. I don't get shut out of three, four days. Heck no. And I didn't even think of it as
moto e5 cruise: I just thought how am I going to fix this. How am I going to get my medicine. How many get my life back.
moto e5 cruise: All I
Natalie Austin: See is the main thing is make sure your phone is always charged, though, you know, we have
Natalie Austin: Our case you sometimes in group.
moto e5 cruise: Always your phone charge
Natalie Austin: And you should be good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay. You're welcome.
moto e5 cruise: Oh, tomorrow, which is
moto e5 cruise: Nice meeting you.
moto e5 cruise: Nice meeting you will time to meeting. I'm
Natalie Austin: Though we have one at noon and then wanted six. So either one. But they'll send that to you, they'll send you
Natalie Austin: A text I told
moto e5 cruise: Okay text, whichever one
Natalie Austin: If you, if you don't make it in tomorrow. It's okay. I gave you a pill. So next week.
Natalie Austin: Is too much for you. So just to see how you do tomorrow.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: That would be would be nice to see you tomorrow.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, I'm gonna I'll be there tomorrow for
Natalie Austin: You
moto e5 cruise: To get in there for me right now. I'll be the
Natalie Austin: The six to 6pm group, there's less people in it so might be easier to get into
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, you know what, I'll do that then
Natalie Austin: Rub is really there's like 15 people on the new group, there's a lot
moto e5 cruise: Okay, so I'll go to the nightclub. I have no problem. I gotta open schedule because I'm on us. So
moto e5 cruise: I can do whatever you guys need me to do.
Natalie Austin: Sanction
Natalie Austin: Do any other questions.
moto e5 cruise: No, try to give me one night group and tomorrow.
I will
Natalie Austin: I'll tell
Natalie Austin: You right now. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Welcome
Natalie Austin: We'll see God. God
moto e5 cruise: Thank you, Doc, and I'll talk to you guys tomorrow.
Okay, bye.
moto e5 cruise: Thank you.